good morning facebook i did some braised
and i'm going to take them down for you
to see how lets the first time i'm doing
a fulbright out and i haven't done
anything with my hair lately so i
decided to do something and this is how
it looks today is the next day someone
just take them down
you
so ladies I like it you know it came out
good they're going to wear it just like
this do anything else what I did was I
could oil olive oil that i got from
Dollar Tree on my hair I was really
something I gotta olive oil and I put on
my hands I was taking down a brace to
reduce the frizz and then I just spritz
stay with water to give her some
moisture but what I did at night was i
braided it on freshly washed hair I use
coconut oil to braid braid it up it was
not our unrefined as we find and then I
just got the most of it for my N's to
protect my ends yeah this is how it
looks overall flatten a little bit like
big ol hair yeah I like it what do you
guys think the message and comment below
and don't forget to check out my blog
have a good Saturday bomb oh yeah ladies
I forgot to mention i'm almost four
months natural and i have to say it
grown a lot like if i compare it to my
old pictures look at that
last month is on you how cool hair does
grow people so don't be afraid to cut it
you know cuz you think oh very well on
that note by